#badhand #canthurtme

---
Back in the day, my father said that i used to play alone with my toys. Like i could entertain or play by myself without someone to play with. 

I vaguely remember the time when me, my brother and my parents are complete and enjoying together. Before the day of my 6th birthday, our mother passed away. I can't remember what exactly her illnesses is but i can say it's more than one (one is a liver dysfunction maybe?). It's inevitable since both of my parents are addicted to drugs, and they drink and smoke a lot too. I was so young back then, but somewhere in my innocent mind knows that what they're doing is bad. Months or years after my mother died, I was told by my grandma(mother side) that i was adopted. That thought has been carved in my mind but still doubt it until my own father told me about it when we're conversating in english for the first time (i hardly speak any english lol). I was pretending i couldn't understand the word adopted when i hear him saying it. I'm not mad or anything, maybe just sad or disappointed but still thankful since they took care of me like iwas their own. Then, my father left us too when i was 11 years old. He is old and diabetic and is afraid of getting his foot amputated since(if i remember correctly) his father also has diabetes and got his foot amputated and died.  My father is a retired U.S. Navy Seal and his father is a soldier(iirc). Between the time when i was 6 and 11 we haven't spent the whole time with my father, since he goes back and forth from US and PH. Everytime we wait him at the airport is a joy that is irreplaceable. But everytime he's with us is every second my younger self is happy. We used to hang out just standing at the corner of the street, at the side of the road watching other people passing by.  It might look like it's embarassing since other people might think what are those two boys and a big man standing there and just watching people early evening. But for me, i enjoy it a lot.

My brother and i spent majority of our lives without our father and mother to guide and teach us, but there's our grandmas and my uncle who took care of us. Even though it's still different when there's your parents standing by your side and supports you. I was a broken young boy but is really playful and i had a lot of friends back in elementary/grade school. But when the high school started, everything became so different. It seems like my classmates are more mature than me. This is where all the bullying started, it all started from just making fun of me because i was so childish at that time when i was 7th grade. One of my friends back then has acne but he never got make fun of being childish so figured out that having acne means being mature, so i prayed to god to have acne. That was the biggest mistake and regret i made. My acne started appearing on my face from late 8th grade. In my 10th grade i get along with my circle of friends, but they make fun of each other alot it seems like bullying. Ofcourse its inevitable to be a target of all the insults and bullying because of all the acne on my face. My self-esteem was rock bottom that time, i got depressed and the thought of ending it all always cross my mind. Im not gifted and have no talent, everything i do is mediocare. I haven't done anything to the extent of my potential, One of my problems is that it seems like i don't take anything seriously. I find anything funny in everything, maybe that's how my coping mechanism works. I got used to it, and now i have imposter syndrome. I always think that i'm half-ass-ing everything, In my mind everything that i do is just to survive at the moment. There's so many ways to 