tarot reading from trustedtarot.com


- Creative Success is at hand\
	- Peace and security follow in the wake of the _Four of Wands_, usually in the smaller aspects of your life. Do not let the limited scope bring you to underestimate the joy that simple successes can bring, however: This is a card of good endings and fresh starts. Its presence should be welcome if you are beginning a new relationship or a new phase of one, such as marriage or engagement, and is especially good for those about to move residences.
- A change in your direction in life, possibly in your career, is about to occur. __If you play your cards right, the change will be beneficial, and may lead to breakthrough__.
	- _The Magician_ generally associates with intelligent and skillful communicators. His presence in your spread indicates a level of self-confidence and drive which allows you to translate ideas into action. A practical card, the revelations it brings are best applied to the pragmatic and physical aspects of your life, rather then the ephemeral or theoretical. Your success in upcoming ventures in politics or business will likely hinge upon your own strength of will and determination.
- You will need to accept that your past pace will slow for a time.
	- There are times in every life, when one must step back and carefully examine their situations and decisions. Finding _the Hermit_ in your spread suggests this is such a time for you. You are in need of a period of inner reflection, away from the current demands of your position. This retreat can be physical, or a search within. Only a deep and honest introspection will lead to a solution, however.
- Look into your past and identify thrifty behaviours, especially ones that required discipline to maintain at the time. __It is important that you repeat these good decisions in the present.__
	- Traditionally associated with strong maternal influence, the presence of _the Empress_ is excellent news if you are looking for harmony in your marriage or hoping to start a family. Any artistic endeavours you are currently associated with are also likely to be more successful, as this card often finds those exposed to strong bursts of creative or artistic energy. That creative energy may not be in the form of a painting or art project, however: This card also suggests a very strong possibility of pregnancy -- not necessarily yours, but you might be seeing a new addition to your extended family or the family of a close friend in the near future! This card is a good sign for you and those around you.
- Generous help from an outside source will bring a happy solution to a major trouble in your life. __Help comes in many forms, and you must be open to it.__
	- _The King of Cups_ is the worldly and calm projection of authority. To find him in your spread is most likely a reference to someone else who will aid you in achieving your goals. This person may seem unconcerned, even distant, but their motivations are pure. Whatever advice they give will be important to you and should be considered in your own deliberations. If it does refer to you personally, it shows an inner strength and tightly disciplined control of emotions.
- Your goal is but a little farther down the road. Stay true to your desires.
	- _Nine of Cups_ - This card is a very powerful positive indicator for you! It represents a lasting or powerful contentment in your life. While nothing is permanent, somewhere along your life's path you can expect to be truly happy. It is heavily tied to creative endeavour and good wishes for the future.
- There are resources available to you that can only be capitalized upon through boundless persistence.
	-  _Ace of Pentacles_ - Aces always represent a new beginning in some form, and the Ace of Pentacles suggests a strong positive one for you. Your life is about to enter a very productive period, or at least a period which will see your work rewarded in good measure to the level of work you are willing to perform. This period will also see most of your relationships on stable ground, and, despite the hard work you may be doing, you will be very content with your situation.
- You will be reminded of the humour in life and the healing power of laughter by a younger friend.
	- _The Page of Cups_, if it refers to you in your spread, suggests an introspective nature, inclined towards art, and possessing a kind heart. You may let credit you deserve pass you by out of shyness. The card may also be indicative of someone, likely overlooked, in your own life who is in a position to aid you in pursuit of a specific goal. Although somewhat dependent on its position in your spread, the Page is generally the bearer of good news.
- Your emotions are focused on maintaining inner commitment and artistic achievement.
	-  _The High Priestess_ Your identification with the High Priestess suggests you possess inherent good judgment, in the form of strong intuition. She may indicate that reason should take second place to instinct. Your head must trust in the wisdom of your heart for a change. Yet, she is also an aide by nature, and her presence in certain parts of your spread could be indicative of someone close to you coming to your rescue with their own intuition. Intuition is most effective at seeing what is hidden to the senses, so the High Priestess may also come as a warning of concealed facts or influences that are, or will be, important to you.
- Recent changes on your part, and similar changes in your future, will bring you joy.
	- _The Two of Pentacles_ is, as always, bound up in the forces of change, and of balance. Like its brothers, the Two of Pentacles can mean good or ill, but it as a strong indicator that the status quo will be disrupted. There will be challenges in your future, but your fate is largely in your own hands in the sense that the final outcome depends own how you respond to these challenges. This card suggests your best outcome is one that can be reached through prudence and careful planning.

